signed up thinking I was going over
there take my country's she just sent
this to me yesterday she now makes the
cute text next babies everything turned
out so different than we thought
[Music]
Oh
Brandon Leonard King it's you have
orders to report to the first Brigade
about me and getting out today you leave
on the 22nd shipping back to Iraq you
been stopped lost
[Music]
just so I ran over 150 combat missions
no complaint I honor my contract and I
expect the army to do the same how's
happen to these guys
well the shortage of guys and no draft
they're shipping back soldiers who's
supposed to be getting out
[Music]
if you're spooked it's okay to talk
shame than that I ain't scared
this family is done fighting this war
may I see it
Steve married to the army I can't go
another year without having him touch my
face
there's your new ID you go you're gone
for good
knockout another tour and we'll come
home nothing we did over there bother
you at all
your country needs you to go back you
know it's the right thing to do sir I've
always done the right thing and this is
wrong
[Music]
not going back I'm fighting this thing
this isn't about the war this about you
to me everybody helps and side by side
[Music]
you